fix camera controller issue when tilt on terrain (#9562)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

##### Fixes :wrench:

- Fixed `processTerrain` in `decodeGoogleEarthEnterprisePacket` to handle a newer terrain packet format that includes water surface meshes after terrain meshes. [#9519](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9519)

> - Fixed an issue in `ScreenSpaceCameraController.tilt3DOnTerrain` when tilt terrain diagonally along the screen. [#9562](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9562)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in `ScreenSpaceCameraController.tilt3DOnTerrain` that caused unexpected camera behavior when tilting terrain diagonally along the screen. [#9562](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9562)
```
